Add steps when installing via the plugin marketplace (#31)
moussetc/mattermost-plugin-giphy: README.md

| below | *not supported* |  plugins can't create slash commands |

## Installation and configuration

**In Mattermost 5.16 and later:**
1. In Mattermost, go to **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace**.
2. Search for the "GIF Commands" plugin, then click **Install** to install it.
3. Once the installation is completed, click **Configure**. This will take you to System Console to configure the plugin.

> 4. Choose if you want to use GIPHY or Gfycat.
>     - If you choose to use GIPHY, configure the **Giphy API key** field. The default key is the [public beta key](https://developers.giphy.com/docs/), which is subject to rate limit constraints and thus might not work at any given time. We highly encourage you to use your own Giphy API key.
> 5. (Optional) You can also configure the following settings:
>     - **Display Style** (for both GIPHY (see [rendition guide](https://developers.giphy.com/docs/optional-settings#rendition-guide)) and Gfycat (see [rendition guide](https://developers.gfycat.com/api/#best-format-to-use)));
>     - **Rating** (GIPHY only, see [rating guide](https://developers.giphy.com/docs/optional-settings/#rating));
>     - **Language** (GIPHY only, see [supported languages](https://developers.giphy.com/docs/optional-settings#language-support)).
> 6. **Activate the plugin** in the **System Console > Plugins Management > Management** page.

Reviewer: Updated config § (master was not up to date with the latest release - this is fixed now) to match manual install instructions.
```suggestion
4. Choose if you want to use Gfycat (default), GIPHY or Tenor (both of which requires an API key, see below).
5. **If you've chosen Giphy or Tenor, configure the API key** as explained on the configuration page.
6. You can also configure the following settings :
    - display style
    - rating (not available for Gfycat)
    - language (not available for Gfycat)
7. **Activate the plugin** in the `System Console > Plugins Management > Management` page
```
